RCAd 

E1 -- Is condition 1 (for Tracey's study that meant subject extracted relative clause)
E2 -- is condition 2 (for Tracey's study that meant object extracted relative clause)
You will need at least E3 and E4 as well for all four conditions
E100 -- Is the condition code for comprehension questions

I5 -- means item 5

D0 - means it's the first item in a sequence (the critical sentence for Tracey)
D1 - means it's the second item in a sequence (the comprehension question for Tracey) 

————
Limerick

E1 - strong-weak/consistent
E2 - strong-weak/inconsistent
E3 - weak-strong/consistent
E4 - weak-strong/inconsistent
E5 - filler
E100 - comprehension question

I - item number, same stimuli has same item number; this is indicated by subtypeid
1-40 for critical trials
01-040 for filler

D0 - the limerick 
D1 - the question

————
Limerick stuff to clarify 

3. Insert IAS stuff letter per letter
	timing is off; it goes past the timing of the next section — so work backwards or something, 
4. Things that are missing from our new limerick asc file, but appear in the RCAd asc file:
	GAZE TARGET ON — this is the blue dot, “SHOW LIMERICK”
	GAZE TARGET OFF — the release of the button
	^ fix these
	FRAMERATE - missing but cannot artificially insert (according to Eyelink Programmar’s Manual p.83)
5. Things that are artificially inserted into our new limerick asc file, via swapping or direct hacking, to closer match RCad asc file:
	DISPLAY_TEXT
	DISPLAY ON — once gaze target gets triggered
	DISPLAY OFF
		add SYNCTIME every time DISPLAY ON (OFF?)  appears or something
	ENDBUTTON
	TRIAL_RESULT — in the original all were TRIAL RESULT 0, in the modified it was switched to the button press (e.g. TRIAL RESULT 3)
	TRIAL_OK
	QUESTION_ANSWER
6. Things that are either thrown out or swapped to something else in our new limerick asc file:
	DRAW_LIST — becomes DISPLAY ON
	START LIMERICK # — thrown out
	end_trial — thrown out
7. Almost always, the last eye movement recorded at the end of a trial is a SFIX or SBLINK or SSACC; so it doesn’t close with an end movement. This is probably our least significant issue.
8. Do not know where the IAS coordinates info is stored for the question — so just pretend it’s one sentece at the bottom of the screen
8. insert camera stuff for questions
9. TODO: amend the data for the one participant whose data got split up
10. TODO: run the script on all participant data
	is there a shortcut to quickly gather the relevant files into a single folder?
	will run into bugs, fix them
11. run question_acc, make_cnt, robodoc
	need to make or modify the given parameters.txt file which currently doesn’t work
12. run eyedry
	where is this located?
13. collecting the last of participant data
14. check for runtime errors
